# 224.100 MHz Repeater

Quick start:

| Information | Value |
| ----------- | ----- |
| Repeater Output | 224.1 MHz |
| Repeater Input | 222.5 MHz |
| Repeater PL (CTCSS) | 100Hz (encode and decode) |
| Repeater Location | Austin, TX (downtown, at UTexas) |
| Repeater ID | AI5A/R |
| Repeater Affiliation | University-Link (KA5D) |
| Who to yell at when it breaks | AI5A (email: me@[my callsign].net) |

## Introduction

The **224.100MHz repeater** is kindly hosted by Kyle/KA5D at **The University of
Texas at Austin**, and usually remains linked into the
[University-Link](https://ka5d.com/repeaters) system, though we have plans to
de-link it and allow it to connect to certain 220 MHz-preferred nets via
AllStarLink.

The system was conceptualized originally by Kyle/KA5D and myself/AI5A. On my
end, I wanted to use it as a way to get into repeater building. Having built up
several AllStarLink simplex nodes, the next step was to get into repeater
building.

The concept started to come into fruition at the Belton HamExpo in 2021, when
Kyle and I sourced and bought a 220 duplexer and a set of Motorola CDM 1550LS+
radios.

A community of local ham radio operators - primarily from the Oak Hill Amateur
Radio Club - started to form around the project and the project is now being
driven by the following group of volunteers:

* AI5A - Rick (control operator, config monkey, trustee)
* KA5D - Kyle (control operator, hardware monkey, site lead)
* K5JM - Sam (control operator)
* KI5PZN - Ernesto (control operator)

## Hardware

The system runs two **Motorola CDM 1550LS** radios, which have been up-converted
slightly to work in the US 222 MHz amateur band. The radios connect to a
four-cavity duplexer and run out to a Hustler **G7-220** antenna via hardline.
AllStarLink on a Raspberry Pi 4 is used as a controller and to link the system
into other systems.

## Public DTMF Commands

| Code | Purpose | Notes |
| ---- | ------- | ----- |
| `*5999` | Short weather report | Uses OpenWeatherMap API data |


## Net/Linking Schedule

The repeater carries a number of nets, some of which are local to Austin.

In the future, we hope to also link the repeater into 220-preferred nets via
AllStarLink, though this has not yet been explored and configured.

**All times are Central**:

| Day | Time | Net | Affiliation | Comments | 220-only* |
| --- | ---- | --- | ----------- | -------- | -------- |
| W | 20:00 | UT ARC | [UTexas](https://n5xu.ece.utexas.edu/) | Directed, social net | N |
| Th | 20:00 | Oak Hill ARC Social | [Oak Hill ARC](https://n5oak.org/) | Directed, social net | N |
| Fr | 21:00 | Oak Hill Trivia | [Oak Hill ARC](https://n5oak.org/) | Directed, trivia net | N |

<small>\* designates that 224.1 de-links from University-Link to carry this net.</small>
